fix: style directive not updating when style attribute is present and style directive is updated via an object prop. fixes #9185 (#9187)
sveltejs/svelte: .changeset/chilled-tigers-tie.md

---
'svelte': patch
---

> fix: style directive not updating when style attribute is present and style is updated via an object prop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: update style directive when style attribute is present and is updated via an object prop
```
